Add `schedulingPriority` option to aws batch (use with `shareIdentifier`) (#3505)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/config.rst

maxParallelTransfers        Max parallel upload/download transfer operations *per job* (default: ``4``).
maxTransferAttempts         Max number of downloads attempts from S3 (default: `1`).
maxSpotAttempts             Max number of execution attempts of a job interrupted by a EC2 spot reclaim event (default: ``5``, requires ``22.04.0`` or later)
retryMode                   The retry mode configuration setting, to accommodate rate-limiting on `AWS services <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-retries.html>`_ (default: ``standard``)

> schedulingPriority          The scheduling priority for all tasks when using `fair-share scheduling for AWS Batch <https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/hpc/introducing-fair-share-scheduling-for-aws-batch/>`_ (default: 0, requires ``22.12.1-edge`` or later)
> shareIdentifier             The share identifier for all tasks when using `fair-share scheduling for AWS Batch <https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/hpc/introducing-fair-share-scheduling-for-aws-batch/>`_ (requires ``22.12.1-edge`` or later)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
schedulingPriority          The scheduling priority for all tasks when using `fair-share scheduling for AWS Batch <https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/hpc/introducing-fair-share-scheduling-for-aws-batch/>`_ (default: ``0``, requires ``23.01.0-edge`` or later)
shareIdentifier             The share identifier for all tasks when using `fair-share scheduling for AWS Batch <https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/hpc/introducing-fair-share-scheduling-for-aws-batch/>`_ (requires ``22.09.0-edge`` or later)
```

Reviewer: Understand that, but it's also true that that setting exists since 22.09.0-edge, therefore I think it's fair to keep it at least from a documentation point of view
